It's exciting to see your travel blogging website up and running in the Cloud.
Your website has great performance and security
measures in place to protect your site and users.
You just found out the other day that you have over
one million daily users reading your blog articles,
searching, and even booking hotels through your site.
Very exciting.
But someone from your support team just notified you that a handful of users are
seeing where error messages when they
enter their credit card information to complete a booking.
You've now transitioned into support mode.
You'll need to use tools to help you support and manage your site.
You'll need to do things like review log files to troubleshoot
production issues or review all of the activity in your account.
In this lesson, I will show you tools that you can use to
help you troubleshoot and audit your cloud applications.
I will even show you how to efficiently manage your resources.
So let's get started.